## The gist:

We (the folks at Kato Media) run a blog and web site hosting service called Kato Community and would love for you to use it. Our basic service is free, and we offer paid upgrades for advanced features such as domain hosting and extra storage. Our service is designed to give you as much control and ownership over what goes on your site as possible and encourage you to express yourself freely. However, be responsible in what you publish. In particular, make sure that none of the prohibited items listed below appear on your site or get linked to from your site (things like spam, viruses, or hate content).

You can check our page on types of blogs to get a sense of the types of sites that are welcome on our service (or not!).

If you find a Kato Community site that you believe violates our terms of service, please visit our dispute resolution & reporting page.

(Note, the below Terms of Service are available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license and were adapted from the Terms of Service of the WordPress.com service provided by Automattic. Uyou’re more than welcome to steal it and repurpose it for your own use, just make sure to replace references to us with ones to you, and if you don’t mind we’d appreciate a link to WordPress.com and Kato Community somewhere on your site. We spent a lot of money and time on the below, and other people shouldn’t need to do the same.)

## Terms of Service:

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Kato Community website and all content, services and products available at or through the website (the Website). The Website is owned and operated by Kato Media (“Kato Media”). The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Kato Media’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Kato Media (collectively, the “Agreement”).

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Kato Media, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.

1.	Your Kato Community Account and Site. If you create a blog on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and blog, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the blog. You must not describe or assign keywords to your blog in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Kato Media may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause Kato Media liability. You must immediately notify Kato Media of any unauthorized uses of your blog, your account or any other breaches of security. Kato Media will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

2.	Responsibility of Contributors. If you operate a blog, comment on a blog, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:

	- the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;

	- if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;

	- you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;

	- the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;

	- the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);

	- the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
    
    - the Content follows the Kato Community Content Guidelines and Regulations;

	- your blog is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;

	- your blog is not presented in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company; and

	- you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by Kato Media or otherwise.
    
    By submitting Content to Kato Media for inclusion on your Website, you grant Kato Media a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your blog. This license is required so that Kato Media may display your content when it is requested. This license also allows Kato Media to make publicly-posted content available to third parties selected by Kato Media so that these third parties can analyze and distribute (but not publicly display) your content through their services.

	You also give other Kato Community users permission to share your Content on other Kato Community sites and add their own Content to it (aka to reblog your Content), so long as they use only a portion of your post and they give you credit as the original author by linking back to your site.

	If you delete Content, Kato Media will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.

	Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Kato Media has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Kato Media’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in Kato Media’s reasonable opinion, violates any Kato Media policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in Kato Media’s sole discretion. Kato Media will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.

3.	Payment and Renewal.

	- General Terms. Optional paid services such as extra storage, or domain purchases are available on the Website (any such services, an “Upgrade”). By selecting an Upgrade you agree to pay Kato Media the monthly or annual subscription fees indicated for that service. Payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for an Upgrade and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual subscription period as indicated. Upgrade fees are not refundable.

	- Automatic Renewal. Unless you notify Kato Media before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want to cancel an Upgrade, your Upgrade subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such Upgrade (as well as any taxes) using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you.

4.	VIP Services.
	- Hosting, Support Services. VIP Hosting/Support and VIP Support services are provided by Kato Media under the terms and conditions for each such service. By signing up for a VIP Hosting/Support or VIP Support services account, you agree to abide by such terms and conditions.

5.	Responsibility of Website Visitors. Kato Media has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, Kato Media does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Kato Media disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.

6.	Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Kato Community links, and that link to Kato Community. Kato Media does not have any control over those non-Kato websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Kato website or webpage, Kato Media does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Kato Media disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Kato websites and webpages.

7.	Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As Kato Media asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by Kato Community violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Kato Media. Kato Media will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. Kato Media will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Kato Media or others. In the case of such termination, Kato Media will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to Kato Media.

8.	Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from Kato Media to you any Kato Media or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Kato Media. Kato Media, Kato, Kato Community, the Kato Community logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Kato Community, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Kato Media or Kato Media’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Kato Media or third-party trademarks.

9.	Advertisements. Kato Media reserves the right to display advertisements on your blog unless you have purchased an Ad-free Upgrade or other applicable service.

10.	Attribution. Kato Media reserves the right to display attribution links such as ‘Blog at Kato Community,’ theme author, and font attribution in your blog footer or toolbar. Footer credits and the Kato Community toolbar may not be altered or removed regardless of upgrades purchased.

11.	Changes. We are constantly updating our services, and that means sometimes we have to change the legal terms under which our services are offered. If we make changes that are material, we will let you know by posting on one of our blogs, or by sending you an email or other communication before the changes take effect. The notice will designate a reasonable period of time after which the new Terms will take effect. If you disagree with our changes, then you should stop using Kato Community within the designated notice period. Your continued use of Kato Community will be subject to the new Terms. However, any dispute that arose before the changes shall be governed by the Terms (including the binding individual arbitration clause) that were in place when the dispute arose.

12.	Termination. Kato Media may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Kato Community account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. 

13.	Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided “as is”. Kato Media and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Kato Media nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.

14.	Limitation of Liability. In no event will Kato Media, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Kato Media under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. Kato Media shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

15.	General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the Kato Media Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

16.	Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Kato Media, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.

17.	Translation. These Terms of Service were originally written in English. We may translate these Terms into other languages. In the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms of Service and the English version, the English version will control.

18.	Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Kato Media and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Kato Media, or by the posting by Kato Media of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the courts located in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Kato Media may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
